I didn't expect Master Lu to be scum
People are nice
Miss Du
Does your painting style match our Lu Enterprises well?
You can apply for onboarding now.
Now.
You won't be because of my relationship with the land war
Open the back door for me
If you think too much, Miss Gu, you are very good yourself
police officer
It's Mr. Luo walking slowly
This is what you drew.
Young Master, you are the ruler of Lu's drunkenness
How can you worship a girl without even knowing her?
Shut up. He's no ordinary man
Really haven't graduated yet
He was actually called the cloud master of the art world
You've got a great future.
His Begonia Leaf General Soil is the best in Jinning Chinese painting
Since the identity of the Gu family daughter is concealed like the land war
I can't let him know that I'm Ambassador Yun
Keep it a secret
How is that possible?
Your name is Gu Yun
Could it be that you are a cloud master?
I just admire Master Yun
I just visited his Begonia Night Battle map
Is that so?
Why do you like Master Yun too?
Our family likes it too
The development of recorded wine is all because of Cloud Master